whoo
you sure gotta climb a lot of steps to
get this Capitol building here in
Washington but I wonder who that sad
little scrap of paper is I'm just a bill
yes I'm only a bill and I'm sitting here
on Capitol Hill well it's a long long
journey to the Capitol City
it's a long long wait while I'm sitting
in committee but I know I'll be our law
someday least I hope and pray that I
will but you gee I'm still just a bills
keep well you certainly have a lot of
patience and courage well I got this far
when I started I wasn't even a bill I
was just an idea some folks back home
decided they wanted a law firm so they
called their local congressman and he
said you're right there ought to be a
law then he sat down wrote me out and
introduced me to Congress and I became a
bill and I'll remain a bill until they
decide to like me along I'm just a bill
yes I'm only our bill and I got as far
as Capitol Hill well now I'm stuck in
committee and I'll sit here and wait
while a few key congressmen describe all
debate whether they should
hope and pray that they will but you do
I'm still just a bill
listen of those congressmen our jury is
all that discussion and debate about you
yeah I'm one of the lucky ones most
bills never even get this far
I hope they decide to report on me
favorably otherwise I may die yeah done
committee now I go to the House of
Representatives and they vote on me if
they vote yes what happened I go to the
Senate and the whole thing starts all
over again oh no oh yeah I'm just a bill
yes I'm only a bill and if they vote for
me on Capitol Hill well then
off to the White House where our wait in
our line with a lot of other bills for
the President to sign and if he signs me
then I'll be along
hope and pray that he will but you day
I'm still just a bill you mean even if
the whole Congress says you should be a
lot the president can still say no yes
that's called a veto if the president
vetoes me I have to go back to Congress
and they vote on me again and by that
time your soul at that time it's very
unlikely that you become a law it's not
easy to become allies it no but I hope
and pray that I will but today I am
still just a bill he signed your bill
now you're a lord oh yeah